docs: add Deno use case (#283)
faker-js/faker: docs/guide/index.md

Using the browser is great for experimenting 👍. However, due to all of the strings Faker uses to generate fake data, **Faker is a large package**. It's `> 5 MiB` minified. **Please avoid deploying Faker in your web app.**
:::

### Deno

```js

> import faker from "https://cdn.skypack.dev/@faker-js/faker";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { faker } from "https://cdn.skypack.dev/@faker-js/faker";
```

Author: ```
error: TS2724 [ERROR]: '"https://cdn.skypack.dev/@faker-js/faker"' has no exported member named 'faker'. Did you mean 'fake'?
import { faker } from "https://cdn.skypack.dev/@faker-js/faker";
         ~~~~~

Reviewer: Sorry, I was a bit ahead of you, please check with alpha.4
We changed the behavior

Author: OK, the imports are updated.

const randomName = faker.name.findName(); // Willie Bahringer
const randomEmail = faker.internet.email(); // Tomasa_Ferry14@hotmail.com
const randomCard = faker.helpers.createCard(); // random contact card containing many properties
```

:::tip Note

> It is highly recommended to use version tags when importing libraries in Deno, e.g: `import faker from "https://cdn.skypack.dev/@faker-js/faker@v5.5.3"`. Add `?dts` to import with type definitions: `import faker from "https://cdn.skypack.dev/@faker-js/faker@v5.5.3?dts"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended to use version tags when importing libraries in Deno, e.g: `import { faker } from "https://cdn.skypack.dev/@faker-js/faker@v6.0.0"`. Add `?dts` to import with type definitions: `import { faker } from "https://cdn.skypack.dev/@faker-js/faker@v6.0.0?dts"`.
```

Author: I changed the tag (although this is just an example so I assume it won't be updated for every release?)

Reviewer: Yeah, but as we are currently working on the new major, we should use it
